title: Oh. My. Freaking. Goodness.
urlname: oh-my
date: 2005-01-24T20:24

I don&#x02bc;t have the pictures yet. I will get them soon, and you will see them. And you will know exactly why I
exclaim, &ldquo;Oh. My. Freaking.Goodness.&rdquo; Every week I look forward to Family Home Evening more than humanly
possible. This sentence is a shout-out to my brothers and sisters. Both kinds: biological and FHEvical.

So, quickly before I fall asleep on my keyboard, here&#x02bc;s the rundown. Jared and I go to the scene. No one answers
the door. Llama \[Tina\] calls Jared asking for a ride. (Is it okay if I call you Llama? I never use anyone&#x02bc;s
real name on this thing, and I thought &ldquo;Llama&rdquo; would be fitting, for obvious reasons, but I just want you to
know that Llama with a capital L is extremely different from llama with a lowercase l. And by extremely different I mean
more cool-like.) I drive the Lankmobile over to pick up Llama (always a pleasure).

After much chat (very important!) and Hello Crappies (very burnt), FHE starts. Singing. Praying. What motivates you? Why
do you get up in the morning? What makes life worth living for you? Making people smile. Checking my email. Making
people smile. Girls. No, no, no, that was someone else&#x02bc;s answer.

Chick-O-Sticks with Hershey&#x02bc;s Kisses (I heard they were good with chocolate)! Hello Dollies (the not-burnt kind)!
More chat. More praying (can&#x02bc;t get enough). Official FHE is over. Time to begin _unofficial_ FHE.

Dress-up and movie. This is the part where you have to see the pictures. So please wait in anticipation. Thank you.
