title: Go Out with a Bang
urlname: bang
date: 2005-05-26T09:23

Today was indeed my last day of work at the lab. I came in to do a mentoringdemonstration for one of my supervisors. When I was done with that I made myway to the Human Resources department, stepped in the door, and loudly said,&ldquo;I need to be terminated.&rdquo;

That got a chuckle from the woman at the desk. She even shot me with herfinger.

Another proctor was filling out her &ldquo;separation paperwork&rdquo; at the same time.&ldquo;Separation paperwork&rdquo; makes it sound like I&#x02bc;m divorcing the computer lab. Iwould never dream of such a thing.

Today the Information Technology Services department was also having abarbecue on campus. My recently terminated friend and I went to get a freelunch &mdash; in your face, _tinstaafl_. When we got there the party was in fullswing, and all the brisket was gone. We were told some more meat was on theway, so we waited.

We waited a long time. Finally, I broke down and got a plateful of potatosalad, chips and cookies. At the very moment when I was ready to sink intodespair and abandon myself to destruction &mdash; not to an imaginary ruin, butto the power of my actual stomach &mdash; just at this moment of great alarm, themeat arrived.

Oh, it was good.

As we were leaving the barbecue, my recently terminated friend yelled, &ldquo;Hey,where&#x02bc;s your purse!&rdquo; Indeed, I had left my European carry-all under thetable at which I was seated. She saved the day!