title: ITS! Open Up!
urlname: its
date: 2004-12-01T02:02

I think there&#x02bc;s a new guard at the library.

Tuesday morning, I didn&#x02bc;t recognize the library guard when I came in toopen the computer lab. For the life of me I couldn&#x02bc;t reach the key. Icould hear it down there when I moved books around &mdash; as a matter of security, Idon&#x02bc;t think I can tell you where the key is actually kept &mdash; but I justcouldn&#x02bc;t find it. I went to ask the guard if he could go get the key forme.

He said he didn&#x02bc;t have access to that area, and the librarians who didhave access didn&#x02bc;t arrive until eight o&#x02bc;clock in the morning (itwas 7:45 at the time). I tried to explain that I worked for ITS and I needed toopen the computer lab before 8, and all the other guards would go get the keyfor me when I couldn&#x02bc;t get it for myself, but I gave up and decided totry one more time to get the key on my own. I succeeded, thankfully.

That was Tuesday morning. This morning, the same guard was working. And hecarded me.

_He carded me_!

There is a sign that clearly indicates that I should be prepared to show aUniversity ID card to enter the library &ldquo;between the hours of 10PM and 7AM,&rdquo; andthis was most definitely _not_ between the hours of 10PM and 7AM. And do I looklike I&#x02bc;m just some guy off the street interested in a warm,semi-comfortable couch and a good read?

So back off, man. I don&#x02bc;t even use this library to study. Ever.I&#x02bc;m just the guy up on the third floor to whom everyone comes forlibrary-related advice, and I reply that I don&#x02bc;t work for the library,but I&#x02bc;ll help them anyway.

Read the badge. I work for ITS.