title: Random Ordered List
urlname: random
date: 2005-02-01T11:15

1.  Last night after Institute I went to the first meeting of the Hunger Relief Association. Allison, my Family Home 
    Evening mom, invited me and everyone else at the University within three degrees of separation from her. I remember
    sitting in my Institute class thinking, &ldquo;This class is only supposed to go until 17:30, and it&#x02bc;s 17:53
    and Brother Wright is still talking. What&#x02bc;s wrong with him?&rdquo; Then I remember thinking, &ldquo;This is
    Institute, there is nowhere else more important I should be right now. I&#x02bc;m a bad kid.&rdquo; I was late to
    the meeting, and when I came in I couldn&#x02bc;t help but notice some delicious brownies on a table. &ldquo;Those
    look good,&rdquo; I thought. &ldquo;Too bad I won&#x02bc;t be eating any of them.&rdquo;

    At the end of the meeting I was doing my fair share of socializing, and without a second thought I picked up this
    lucious chocolate brownie and shoved it into my face. I began to comment to a friend, &ldquo;These are great!
    &hellip; OH! &hellip;&rdquo; The no-chocolate game is over, folks. What better place to end it unceremoniously than
    at a meeting of the University&#x02bc;s Hunger Relief Association.
2.  Thirty minutes before Family Home Evening my trusty palm computer crashed. I was preparing my lesson and in the
    middle of performing a full-text search of _The Book of Mormon_ on the word &ldquo;master&rdquo; when I noticed that
    it had said, &ldquo;Searching Chapter 10,&rdquo; for too long. I pushed the little reset button on the back,
    thinking that it would just kill the program and restart the computer. It killed a lot more than the program: all my
    data was gone! The last time I had made a backup was 22 January, so I know I lost some things, but I got most of it
    back. Whew.
3.  Everyone shared one of his or her favorite scriptures at Family Home Evening, with spectacular results. Many
    powerful passages were read.
4.  Aaron is back! He disappeared Friday afternoon without a trace, and didn&#x02bc;t show up until late last night.
    Just as I was getting under my blanket, I heard the front door open. I&#x02bc;m so glad he&#x02bc;s not dead.
5.  This morning a woman got onto the bus, and when I looked at her, I thought, &ldquo;I&#x02bc;ve seen that face 
    before.&rdquo; Well, I _had_ seen that face before &hellip; on Donald Trump! This short woman had Donald
    Trump&#x02bc;s face! It was amazing and amusing. To add to the bizarrity, everytime the techno-voice came on the PA
    system (&ldquo;Now approaching Guadalupe at 24<sup>th</sup>; transfer for route one. Transferencia para uno.&rdquo;)
    Miss Trump would put her fingers in her ears.
6.  I think I&#x02bc;m insulting my professors when I dutifully sit on the front row each day and dutifully fall asleep
    halfway through the lecture. That happened twice today, in both of my morning classes. I have two binders: red and
    green. I purposefully chose green over red for my morning classes as an optimistic twist, but I am apparently not
    optimistic enough. Or I don&#x02bc;t get enough sleep.
