title: Honesty is its own reward.
urlname: honesty
date: 2007-06-20T14:41

Last Friday Rebecca came to my apartment after work. We went for a walk around my neighborhood. We were almost back to my apartment when I looked down and saw an [iPod Shuffle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPod_Shuffle#Second_generation). I picked it up and put it in my pocket.

Besides a unique serial number, there are no identifying marks on the outside of an iPod Shuffle. I searched for web pages that could help me find an owner knowing only the serial number, but I didn&#x02bc;t find anything helpful. I decided I wanted to plug the iPod into a computer to see if I could get any more information.

The iPod uses a special cable that I did not have; [it costs $29 at the Apple Store](http://store.apple.com/us/product/MA694G/A/apple-ipod-shuffle-dock). However, I remembered that my supervisor at work has an iPod Shuffle, so I explained my situation to her in an email and asked if I could borrow her cable. She brought it to work on Tuesday.

I plugged the iPod into an available [MacBook Pro](http://www.apple.com/macbook-pro/) at the Help Desk. The first thing I noticed was the name of the device: &ldquo;Nathan Wood&#x02bc;s iPod Shuffle&rdquo;. Now I had a name.

If there was any music on the iPod that had been purchased from the iTunes Store, I would have been able to find an email address. Unfortunately, all the music was either copied from a CD or obtained in some other way. With nothing to help me but this name, &ldquo;Nathan Wood&rdquo;, I turned to the Internet.

Google has an excellent phonebook service, and typing &ldquo;nathan wood, austin, tx&rdquo; into the Google search box returned one result in the phonebook. There was a Nathan Wood that lived across the street from me; I had found the iPod right outside his house. I was sure I had found the owner. Now I had an Austin-area telephone number.

I also searched for his name in the UT Austin public directory, and found the same person, but with a different telephone number: this one was from Denver. I assumed this would be a mobile phone, so I called it first.

After four rings, someone answered: &ldquo;Hello?&rdquo;

&ldquo;Hi, is this Nathan?&rdquo; I asked.

&ldquo;Yes.&rdquo;

&ldquo;My name is William. I&#x02bc;m calling about an iPod. Did you lose one?&rdquo;

&ldquo;No, I didn&#x02bc;t lose an iPod.&rdquo;

Hmm, that&#x02bc;s strange. &ldquo;Alright, thank you very much.&rdquo;

&ldquo;Wait, did you find an iPod with this telephone number on it?&rdquo; Nathan asked.

&ldquo;No, I found an iPod with a name on it, and I looked up the name in the directory.&rdquo;

&ldquo;Oh, okay. Well, I didn&#x02bc;t lose an iPod.&rdquo;

&ldquo;Okay. Have a good day!&rdquo;

At this point I felt that I had made a good faith effort to locate the owner of the iPod, and I had no other leads to follow, so I consigned myself to the fate that is owning an iPod Shuffle. And I was happy.

But I knew something was funny. And I was right!

Later that night, my phone rang; it was Nathan, calling from that Denver mobile phone. When I had called him earlier that day, he was thinking about his _regular_ iPod, and wasn&#x02bc;t thinking about his iPod Shuffle.

&ldquo;Is it one of those tiny, silver iPods with the clip?&rdquo; he asked.

That was a good enough description for me, so I asked if he was home. He told me he was, and I said I was just across the street and would be there in less than a minute. I went over there, he came out of his house, I handed him his iPod, and went home.

And that is the story of how I found, almost owned, and ultimately returned a lost iPod Shuffle.