title: Oh, the Things That Girl Does
urlname: that-girl
date: 2004-09-01T03:47

Chloë invited me to a screening for one of her classes last night. We watched Alfred Hitchcock&#x02bc;s _[Notorious](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0038787/)_ with a slew of other students studying [Radio-Television-Film](http://rtf.utexas.edu/). She was there as part of her class. I was there for fun.

Getting there was exciting. We both had a class at 6:00 PM yesterday, the same class actually, _Women in the Scriptures_. That was awesome. I learned some very interesting and _personally_ helpful things. I look forward to the rest of the semester in anticipation of learning more.

Chloë reported a similar outcome. She learned some things, too. _Excitingly_, she needed to be at the aforementioned screening at 7:30. She invited me along, and although it is only three or four or five blocks away, she drove. _Necessarily_. We found a parking spot in the lot across the street from Kinsolving, and the car behind us tried to steal it but they _quietly_ backed down after experiencing the fury of Chloë.

The time was then 7:35 or thereabouts, and we ran to the classroom/theatre. Chloë _literally_ ran into a friend of hers, whom _coincidentally_ she wanted to find anyway because he had her backpack due to an unrelated chain of events that occured _previously_. Running stopped, phone numbers were taken, running commenced.

When we arrived at the classroom/theatre, we were relieved to discover the film had not started yet. There were people _immediately_ behind us from which the smell of popcorn originated. I suggested I bring popcorn next time (this is a weekly thing), but only after being rebuked by Chloë did I remember that she is _apparently_ [allergic to corn products](http://allergies.about.com/cs/corn/a/aa053199.htm).

_Consequently_, I&#x02bc;ll have to bring corn syrup-free chocolate.

So as I mentioned above, the movie was _[Notorious](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0038787/)_. It was great. Hitchcock always is. It&#x02bc;s _definitely_ not my favorite, though. _[Rear Window](http://imdb.com/title/tt0047396/)_ and _[Vertigo](http://imdb.com/title/tt0052357/)_ are my favorites.

On the way out, I _randomly_ removed a poster advertising the movie _[Wimbledon](http://imdb.com/title/tt0360201/)_ from a bulletin board. I also _fiercely_ and _mercilessly_ killed a cockroach that was _unsuccessfully_ trying to eat Chloë.

We drove to lands distant and parts unknown to pick up her backpack, then she took me home. Via Airport Boulevard.

While on the drive to my home, Chloë received a call from a dear friend of hers, and apologized to me for talking with him for so long. This apology was unnecessary. Besides obvious situations such as school and church, I can&#x02bc;t think of a time when this sort of behavior would be inappropriate. This was an extenuating circumstance, as well. Chloë&#x02bc;s friend is serving in the military at the moment, and I think it is wonderful that he can make such phone calls anyway.

Once at my home, she asked how I was doing, and after a few minutes of &ldquo;everything&#x02bc;s fine&rdquo; and other social and conversational niceties and facades, we launched into a _beautifully_ deep conversation about our respective childhood and adolescent lives, and how they have shaped us to this point. We talked about our relationship to our parents, both the positive and negative aspects of such. We talked about the kind of person I am attracted to, and the kind of person my parents probably want me to be attracted to, and how, _unfortunately_, that _probably_ isn&#x02bc;t the same person. We pulled up to my apartment at 10:30; I got out of her car at 12:30. That&#x02bc;s how wonderful the conversation was.

On a lighter note, the car horn was _inadvertently_ pushed several times, and anyone in my complex who heard might have thought there was a little less conversation going on.