title: Low IQ? Be a Thief!
urlname: low-iq
date: 2004-08-26T04:07

Two of my close friends were victimized by thieves in the past week. Judgingfrom their behavior (the thieves&#x02bc;), I have come to the conclusion that itdoesn&#x02bc;t take a load of brains to steal stuff. Here are some examples of cleverthievery I have gleaned from my friends&#x02bc; experiences.

1.   Don&#x02bc;t be seen. Both criminals succeeded in getting away with the goodsunnoticed. I&#x02bc;m surprised they had the sense to follow this step, though.
2.   If there are keys next to the target purse, don&#x02bc;t bother. Of course therewill be no identifying material inside the purse that may lead you to a caror apartment or house with which the keys might fit. Coincidentally, thecontents of the purse are _probably_ more valuable than the contents of theaforementioned car or apartment or house, anyway.
3.   If you manage to score a phone inside the purse, don&#x02bc;t forget to answer itwhen it rings. Who knows but what the owner of the purse is a drug dealerand someone is trying to make a payment?
4.   Perhaps it would be better to return missed calls, too, especially ifsomeone called the phone about a dozen times the night it was stolen. Theyobviously wanted to talk to someone or they wouldn&#x02bc;t have called so manytimes. The morning after the theft is a good time to do this.
5.   When you _do_ return those calls, remember to make up a stupid alibi whenyou are accused of stealing the purse. &ldquo;I was working at a construction siteat 11:00 at night,&rdquo; is a good one I&#x02bc;ve heard recently.
6.   Lay low; don&#x02bc;t make any purchases with the stolen credit/debit cards.Someone somewhere might be able to track you somehow. I think.
7.   If you must buy something, go to places like Walgreen&#x02bc;s and Payless, so asnot to draw attention to yourself. I think Payless is having that $5-$7-$9sale at the moment, so go knock yourself out.

Note: all of this actually happened.