title: WardMap 2.2
urlname: wardmap-2-2
date: 2006-12-01T14:16

_Update: WardMap has been replaced with [LDSWardMap][a], which is a hosted solution that you do not need to install on
your own web server._

[a]: {filename}/articles/2009/07/2009-07-07-wardmap-resurrected.md

I made an update to my WardMap script, so now we are at 2.2. The changelog is in the script.

WardMap is a convenient way to plot ward members on a Yahoo! map. See the demo. The demo uses a fabricated membership
directory. Actual directory information for my ward is restricted to members of my ward.

<del>As always, the source can be downloaded from /stuff/wardmap.php.</del>

Please email me if you would like to use WardMap.

An explanation: the ward websites that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints hosts for each local congregation
include a directory of members for that congregation. There is an option to download that directory as a csv (comma
separated values) file. The WardMap script uses that csv file _without changes_ and plots the addresses on a map.

Using this script requires a few things:

1.  A Yahoo! Application ID. This is a free ID that allows a programmer to access Yahoo! web services. Instructions for
    obtaining this can be found in the source of the script.
2.  A web server to host the script, with the particular ability to run scripts written in PHP.
3.  To view the map, you need a web browser with support for JavaScript and Adobe Flash. Any modern browser will do:
    Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, &amp;c. Flash is free from Adobe&#x02bc;s website.
