title: No News Is Good News
urlname: no-news
date: 2005-04-06T05:37

Either life just hasn&#x02bc;t been exciting recently or I can&#x02bc;t see it as wellas before, or I&#x02bc;m taking a break, or I&#x02bc;m all out of creativity. Let&#x02bc;shope none of those are true, except perhaps the &ldquo;taking a break&rdquo; part.

On Monday I resolved to obey the following scripture:

>  
> Cease to be idle; cease to be unclean; cease to find fault one withanother; cease to sleep longer than is needful; retire to thy bedearly, that ye may not be weary; arise early, that your bodies andyour minds may be invigorated. (Doctrine &amp; Covenants 88:124)
> 

I&#x02bc;ve been doing well with &ldquo;arise early&rdquo; for the last year. I wake up atsix o&#x02bc;clock almost every morning. My problem has been with the &ldquo;retire&rdquo;half of the verse. My usual bed time was somewhere between midnight andtwo in the morning. That&#x02bc;s not good.

Therefore, beginning last Monday night, I set a goal to be in my bedwith the lights out at 10:00 PM. If you are trying to get in touch withme, that&#x02bc;s when my day ends.

Of course, I want to make it perfectly clear that I won&#x02bc;t ignore phonecalls that come later than 10. I won&#x02bc;t hate you forever if you wake meup. Just understand that the phone might ring longer than you expect.

In unrelated news, Aaron and I rearranged the furniture in our apartmentlast night. There&#x02bc;s really nothing witty or exciting about that, butit&#x02bc;s news.

I should probably give a prize to the person who yawned the least whilereading this.