title: The Architecture and Planning Library
urlname: architecture-planning-library
date: 2005-11-30T14:45

I like libraries. A week and a half ago I explored the Life Science Library and subconsciously decided that the
University&#x02bc;s libraries are the University&#x02bc;s coolest places. Hold on tight while I elaborate on this
thought.

Welcome to the [Architecture and Planning Library][a]. What exactly is being planned here I have yet to discover.
Doubtless my capable iBook and I will uncover this mystery.

[a]: https://www.lib.utexas.edu/about/locations/architecture-planning

Here I am in the Reading Room, [as before][b]. I&#x02bc;m quickly concluding that every good library needs a room
specifically designated for reading. Otherwise, there probably wouldn&#x02bc;t be much reading being done at all.

[b]: {filename}/articles/2005/11/2005-11-18-life-science-library.md

The ceiling must be at least thirty feet above the floor, and it&#x02bc;s peaked, so there are rafters (like in some
ancient king&#x02bc;s hall). There are many long desks with sturdy-backed chairs, and lamps. All the lamps are on
because it&#x02bc;s evening. A dozen chandeliers hang from the lofty ceiling as well. I&#x02bc;m sure during the day the
light coming through all these windows would be gorgeous. I&#x02bc;ll have to come back another time.

I&#x02bc;m sitting on a leather couch, facing another leather couch, with comfortable-looking armchairs on either side.
All this furniture in the immediate vicinity is surrounding a flowery rug. On the rug, in the center, is a piece of
furniture that&#x02bc;s too short and too narrow to be a table, while at the same time too wide to be a bench. The only
obvious conclusion is obviously happy: it&#x02bc;s a footrest! I know some other libraries that could use a good
footrest.

Here&#x02bc;s a moderately sized model of a Mayan temple, encased in glass. This is an architecture library after all. I
also might as well make a habit of telling you what page the big dictionary is turned to: malleolable - man. I&#x02bc;ll
spare you the contents of the stacks today.

In proper story-telling manner, I&#x02bc;ve saved the best for last. As I sit on my comfortable couch with my feet
propped up to just the right height on this welcome footrest, I need but merely turn my head a little to the left to
gaze upon the library&#x02bc;s Christmas tree. She must be seven feet tall, and all surrounded with red, green and white
pearls, like a 1920s jazz club. Full of multicolored lights and candy canes, I am reminded of home. We used to lay on
our backs near the tree, and as the randomly flashing lights painted the ceiling in unpredictable patterns, we
make-believed we were shooting through hyperspace on our way to who-knows-where.

I like libraries, but I _love_ Christmas.
