title: Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; on Chores
urlname: chores
date: 1999-06-22T04:40

Everybody has them. Everybody does them. Everybody hates them. If you don&#x02bc;t, we need to speak privately. Yes, I
am speaking of chores, those wonderful things parents use to occupy you. There are daily chores, as (almost) everyone
knows, and there are &ldquo;special&rdquo; chores. First come the daily chores.

As you may already know, I am a member of a family of eleven children. One is out of the house at this writing, but that
doesn&#x02bc;t change much at home. Even if all the &ldquo;normal&rdquo; chores are assigned, everyone must have
something to do. Therefore, this week, I am assigned the following chore: &ldquo;Wash by hand all the dishes that are
too large to fit in the dishwasher.&rdquo; You may immediately think, as I did, &ldquo;What kind of chore is that? Who
thought _that_ up?&rdquo; I asked my mother those very questions. Of course, I didn&#x02bc;t ask her in that particular
tone. I want to live to see my next birthday, you see. I asked politely, &ldquo;Was this chore your idea? Is it really
necessary?&rdquo;

Her immediate reply was, &ldquo;If you are going to complain about your job, then I&#x02bc;m going to take away
points!&rdquo;

A brief explanation of &ldquo;points&rdquo;. We get &ldquo;points&rdquo; when we do our chores and other extra things
around the house. At the end of the week, we can &ldquo;buy&rdquo; items with our points. Of course, all the items are
outrageously priced, so you have to work your fingers off to buy a &ldquo;fun-sized&rdquo; candy bar. Now that I
mentioned it, one-bite-and-it&#x02bc;s-gone is not my idea of &ldquo;fun-sized&rdquo;. Back to the subject, I really
don&#x02bc;t care for points, so I just do my job whenever I feel like it, or when Mother makes me. I&#x02bc;ve gotten
to where I am indifferent to washing dishes now. Is that good or bad?

Now on to &ldquo;special&rdquo; chores. Evidently, when you are offered a &ldquo;special&rdquo; chore, it is the
equivalent of your guardian saying, &ldquo;You&#x02bc;re going to do this whether you like it or not, even though
it&#x02bc;s not part of your regular chore schedule (pronounced &lsquo;shed-yule&rsquo;).&rdquo; As you can see,
chore-givers try to use psychology to trick you into wanting to do chores (for a shallow look at psychology, please see
[Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; on Threats][a]).

[a]: {filename}/articles/1999/06/1999-06-15-threats.md

Now, on to what this article was truly written for. Strike! Loyal followers, you must refuse to do chores for the rest
of the summer months! Parents, please refer to the Legal Disclaimer found below. In short, I cannot be found liable for
any actions taken in response to this article.

This is Turtle, signing off.

---

&copy;1999 MicroTurtle, Inc. All rights reserved.

Legal Disclaimer: This article, or any part of it, may not be reproduced in any way, shape, or form, for any reason,
commercial or otherwise, without express written permission from the author. This article is intended for general humor
only, and not to poke fun at any race, religion, culture, civilization, continent, city, village, or operating system.
Windows! Ha ha ha! All characters and incidents conveyed in this article are works of fiction, period. Any resemblance
to any character or incident conveyed in this article is strictly coincidental, unless the author says so. Need I say
more? Unix! Ha ha ha! MicroTurtle, Inc., any divisions of MicroTurtle, Inc., and its employees cannot be found liable
for any actions taken as a direct or indirect response to this article, whether against or in favor of any opinions
expressed in it. Macintosh! Ha ha ha!

Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is a weekly publication of anything and everything that pops into Turtle&#x02bc;s head
and that he would like to share with the general public. Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is a division of MicroTurtle,
Inc. TELL YOUR FRIENDS! Can I make myself any more clear? I want to generate as many laughs as humanly possible. Any
questions and/or comments concerning this or any other article in the Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; series can be sent
to [minijackson@juno.com](mailto:minijackson@juno.com). Although no one will ever send me one, a small monetary donation
is always nice.

Unless something really bad happens, Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; will reach you Tuesday Morning (Central Standard
Time, USA) each week.

Something really bad is about to happen! I regret to inform you that, due to unavoidable circumstances, Turtle&#x02bc;s
Thoughts&trade; may not reach you on 28 June and/or 5 July. I apologize for any inconvenience, although I am unaware of
any addictions to my writing thus far.

This article is best viewed using the &ldquo;Times New Roman&rdquo; font supplied with any Microsoft® Windows&trade;
Operating System. If this or a similar font is not used, many characters may not be displayed correctly, if at all.
