title: Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; on Vacations
urlname: vacations
date: 1999-06-29T12:35

This edition of Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is quite the ironic situation. I am presently sitting at my
grandmother&#x02bc;s computer, busily typing away. I didn&#x02bc;t expect to be able to send the column today, but
I&#x02bc;m still sure it won&#x02bc;t come next week. Even when I&#x02bc;m on vacation, I&#x02bc;m working on this
stuff! Am I responsible or what?

What.

Vacations can be used for different reasons: going to see people, running from people, stress reduction, etc. If your
family is like mine, you will find this very familiar, maybe even scary. I am dropping to the level of using a military
time frame. A family vacation is a sort of well planned operation, and I thought it would be interesting.

Day 1; 0600. All rise, for we have to get an early start. We are supposed to leave at 0700. We left at 0830. Go figure
&hellip;

0835\. After leaving the house, we panic over something we think we&#x02bc;ve forgotten, realize we haven&#x02bc;t
forgotten it, calm down, remember something else that we think we&#x02bc;ve forgotten, panic &hellip;

0900\. &ldquo;Are we out of Texas yet?&rdquo; My brother, after living in the state for eleven years, still cannot
comprehend the immensity of this barren land.

0930\. &ldquo;I have to go to the bathroom.&rdquo; A classic trip-starter. Don&#x02bc;t ask me why.

1000\. &ldquo;I&#x02bc;m bored.&rdquo; &ldquo;Don&#x02bc;t worry, this vacation will be fun _and_ educational.&rdquo;

1130\. &ldquo;I&#x02bc;m hungry; when&#x02bc;s lunch?&rdquo; This was a popular complaint throughout the entire trip,
although everyone knew if you wanted to eat out of schedule, you had to bring your own food. Luckily, my brother had a
hidden cache. Lucky for him, at least.

Is anyone else sick of the military time thing? I apologize. On to bigger and better things.

It&#x02bc;s great to spend some time with your grandparents, but not to spend _all_ your vacation time with them. That
would be boring, to say the least.

I am not saying that my grandparents are boring. My grandparents are some of the most interesting people I know. If you
call my grandfather a farmer he&#x02bc;ll knock you flat. He has the will (and the hands) to do it. He&#x02bc;s a
&ldquo;dairyman&rdquo;.

I don&#x02bc;t mean to sound gross or anything, but why is it that your cousins are always so good-looking? Beats me.

This is Turtle, signing off.

---

&copy;1999 MicroTurtle, Inc. All rights reserved.

Legal Disclaimer: This article, or any part of it, may not be reproduced in any way, shape, or form, for any reason,
commercial or otherwise, without express written permission from the author. This article is intended for general humor
only, and not to poke fun at any race, religion, culture, civilization, continent, city, village, or relative. All
characters and incidents conveyed in this article are works of fiction, period. Any resemblance to any character or
incident conveyed in this article is strictly coincidental, unless the author says so. Some of the content of this
article may be outright lies. That&#x02bc;s what &ldquo;fiction&rdquo; means. Need I say more? MicroTurtle, Inc., any
divisions of MicroTurtle, Inc., and its employees cannot be found liable for any actions taken as a direct or indirect
response to this article, whether against or in favor of any opinions expressed in it. Is it just me, or is the Legal
Disclaimer longer than the actual column?

Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is a weekly publication of anything and everything that pops into Turtle&#x02bc;s head
and that he would like to share with the general public. Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is a division of MicroTurtle,
Inc. TELL YOUR FRIENDS! Can I make myself any more clear? I want to generate as many laughs as humanly possible. Any
questions, comments, and/or other feedback concerning this or any other article in the Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade;
series can be sent to [minijackson@juno.com][a]. Although no one will ever send me one, a small monetary donation is
always nice.

[a]: mailto:minijackson@juno.com

MicroTurtle, Inc. supports Jammin&#x02bc; Enterprises, Inc. in its work in establishing a forwarded-email-free Internet.
Its divisions are People Against Forwarded E-mails&trade; and the Actual Letter Foundation&trade;. For more information
about these organizations, contact Benjamin Cummings, president of Jammin&#x02bc; Enterprises, Inc., at
[benjammin99@juno.com][b].

[b]: mailto:benjammin99@juno.com

I&#x02bc;m afraid I&#x02bc;ve gone commercial! Contact MicroTurtle, Inc. headquarters [minijackson@juno.com][a] for
information on advertisement possibilities.

Unless something really bad happens, Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; will reach you Tuesday Morning (Central Standard
Time, USA) each week.

Yes, I&#x02bc;m afraid Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; will not reach you on 6 July 1999. I will really be on vacation.
No kidding.

This article is best viewed using the &ldquo;Times New Roman&rdquo; font supplied with any MicrosoftÂ® Windows&trade;
Operating System. If this or a similar font is not used, many characters may not be displayed correctly, if at all.
