title: Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; on Threats
urlname: threats
date: 1999-06-15T05:17

Although usually an unhappy topic, it&#x02bc;s amazing what threats can and can&#x02bc;t do. Lucky for you, I have
several examples. Isn&#x02bc;t this so inspiring?

Case 1: Last week I had the opportunity to assist in the instruction of young boys in the art of archery. These boys,
whose ages ranged anywhere from six to eleven, were covertly competing against each other to see who could launch his
projectile the farthest. Of course, the other staff members and I had to retrieve the arrows, and, being our lazy
selves, we didn&#x02bc;t want to walk more than absolutely necessary. Therefore, this situation called for an
appropriate threat.

&ldquo;Do it again, kid, and we&#x02bc;ll duct tape you to the target and paint concentric circles on your
stomach.&rdquo;

Now, we knew that the head instructor, Mr. Tom, wouldn&#x02bc;t let us do this, but the kids didn&#x02bc;t have to know.
This tactic worked quite well until one of the older boys was smart enough to realize that there was nothing behind our
threat. We walked farther the rest of the week. The battle was lost. The war still rages.

Case 2: This is a brief one. It&#x02bc;s painful for me to dwell on threats that don&#x02bc;t accomplish anything. It
brings a tear to my eye &hellip;

For some reason unknown to me my sister can get away with almost anything. That brings a tear to my eye as well.
Accordingly, threats neither work against her nor bother her. She&#x02bc;ll run to my mother, put on her &ldquo;sweet
child&rdquo; charade, and it all comes out right in the end &hellip; for her. I&#x02bc;m the one at fault. I threatened
her. My mother locks me in my room. It&#x02bc;s as simple as that.

Case 3: This case encompasses the notorious line, &ldquo;It&#x02bc;s not a threat, it&#x02bc;s a promise.&rdquo; As
everyone knows, this only causes the one being threatened to know what little you can do to follow through on your
threat. It&#x02bc;s like reverse psychology, only in reverse. So that would make it reverse reverse psychology, or maybe
forward psychology. But that makes it regular old psychology. Maybe it&#x02bc;s not reverse, but to the left. That
sounds right. To-the-left psychology. An interesting field of study.

&ldquo;What&#x02bc;s your major?&rdquo;

&ldquo;Oh, I&#x02bc;m going to double-major in upside-down chaos theory and to-the-left psychology. How about
you?&rdquo;

&ldquo;I was going to go into somersault calculus, but now I&#x02bc;m not sure.&rdquo;

I&#x02bc;m so glad there&#x02bc;s no such thing as to-the-left psychology. You should be, too. Don&#x02bc;t forget to go
out and make an empty threat at least once a day this week! It&#x02bc;s good for you.

This is Turtle, signing off.

---

Legal Disclaimer: This article, or any part of it, may not be reproduced in any way, shape, or form, for any reason,
commercial or otherwise, without express written permission from the author. This article is intended for general humor
only, and not to poke fun at any race, religion, culture, civilization, continent, city, village, or vehicle
manufacturer. Dodge! All characters and incidents conveyed in this article are works of fiction, which spewed from the
authors cranium onto the keyboard one idle Tuesday morning. Any resemblance to any character or incident conveyed in
this article is strictly coincidental, unless the author says so. Paper or plastic?

Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is a weekly publication of anything and everything that pops into Turtle&#x02bc;s mind
and that he would like to share with the public. If this is the first time you have received this publication, welcome
to the Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; family. Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is the property of MicroTurtle, Inc.
Please inform your friends, enemies, pets, and other acquaintances of this ENTIRELY FREE service. Any questions and/or
comments concerning this or any other article in the Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; series can be sent to this address.
Although no one will ever send me one, a small monetary donation is always nice.

Unless something terrible happens, Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; will reach you Tuesday Morning (Central Standard
Time, USA) each week.
