title: Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; on Natural Resources
urlname: natural-resources
date: 1999-06-01T11:54

I am convinced that at least one third of the world&#x02bc;s water supply is wasted each day in the simple act of
brushing one&#x02bc;s teeth. Do you know anyone who actually turns off the faucet when they are brushing? I
don&#x02bc;t. I believe I have the answer to this worldwide dilemma: stop brushing. Now don&#x02bc;t get me wrong, I
brush my teeth at least once a day, more if needed. But think about it. If no one brushed their teeth, halitosis
wouldn&#x02bc;t be a disease. Everyone would have it! There would be something wrong with you if you had minty fresh
breath. You would be jailed for violating Water Conservation Code (WCC) 3538: excess use of water for dental hygiene.

Take case scenario one: The ancient ancients that lived in and around Pompeii got fossilized in no time flat due to the
roll of Nature&#x02bc;s dice, right? Look at it again. When examined to find more about the lost culture, scientists,
archaeologists, and what have you found that almost every corpse &mdash; no, every corpse &mdash; had a perfect dental
record. No tooth decay whatsoever! Now isn&#x02bc;t it logical to believe that, because they used so much water on
something as trivial as hygiene, Mother Nature&#x02bc;s courier informed her of a problem? Therefore, following a
logical sequence of events, old Ma Nature caused Pompeii, a volcano that had been dormant for centuries, to suddenly
erupt without warning, spewing its hot lava and ash all over the beautiful countryside, not to mention the bustling
cities and tranquil towns. This single act of Nature Anger, if you will, completely eradicated the civilization, and
saved the water supply for today&#x02bc;s needs.

You could take this as a warning, or maybe a slap on the wrist with a wet noodle, but don&#x02bc;t take it lightly. It
is quite possible that any type of natural phenomena could wipe out America as we know it. The tragedy in Oklahoma City
was, well, a tragedy. But how much water do you suppose they were using each and every day? You needn&#x02bc;t worry.
I&#x02bc;m sure my family of eleven children uses as much water as a small East European country per day, so we would be
the first to go. And, if appearance and what others think about you comes first in your life, by all means, keep on
brushing, and go ahead, take as long as your favorite song on the radio. And if you feel like it, let the water flow the
whole time. __Just let it flow!__

This is Turtle, signing off.

---

Legal Disclaimer: This article, or any part of it, may not be reproduced in any way, shape, or form, for any reason,
commercial or otherwise, without express written permission from the author. Any person wishing to reproduce this
article must have a dang good reason and must say, &ldquo;Pretty please with a cherry on top!&rdquo; This article is
intended for general humor only, and not to poke fun at any race, religion, culture, civilization, or other group. Any
resemblance to any character or incident conveyed in this article is strictly coincidental. MicroTurtle, Inc. holds the
right to remove any person from the subscriber&#x02bc;s list without reason. Would you like fries with that?

This is the premier article for Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade;.

Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is a weekly publication of anything and everything that pops into Turtle&#x02bc;s mind
and that he would like to share with the general public. Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is a division of MicroTurtle,
Inc. If you would like to subscribe to Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade;, just send a letter expressing your desire to do
so to [minijackson@juno.com](mailto:minijackson@juno.com). Please feel free to inform friends of this ENTIRELY FREE
service. Of course, a small monetary donation is always nice.

Unless something really bad happens, Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; will reach you Tuesday Morning (Central Standard
Time, USA), each week.
