title: Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; on Airports
urlname: airports
date: 1999-06-09T14:08

I will start by saying that the reason someone thought up the idea of airports is so they could charge outrageous sums
of money for airfare, preying upon one of humanities greatest weaknesses: the overwhelming urge to visit one&#x02bc;s
mother. Sure, other variables factor into the great airport equation (these will be mentioned below), but this reason is
the first driving force behind the &ldquo;Airport Mentality&rdquo;.

It&#x02bc;s June first. The phone rings. It&#x02bc;s your mother. The conversation begins with the usual social facades
everyone uses with their mothers. No one wants their mothers to know that they actually love them. Anyway, when you
finally hang up the receiver, you can hardly contain your enthusiasm. A family reunion has been scheduled! Then your
mind clicks. A &hellip; family reunion &hellip; has been &hellip; scheduled? Enter the second driving force in the
Airport Mentality: the overwhelming urge to flee before one&#x02bc;s in-laws.

This is where the battle begins (and of course, this is your mind speaking). &ldquo;I want to go, my mother will be
there!&rdquo; &ldquo;I don&#x02bc;t want to go, my in-laws will be there!&rdquo; &ldquo;I want to go, I&#x02bc;ll get to
_fly_ on an _airplane_!&rdquo; Memories of TWA pop into your head. &ldquo;I don&#x02bc;t want to go, I&#x02bc;ll have to
_fly_ on an _airplane_!&rdquo;

I&#x02bc;ve just touched upon another reason why airports are so popular: the overwhelming urge to be something one is
not and cannot be. In this case, I speak of the birds. Who has not had a dream in which they are flying? This is by far
the most popular dream on the open market. And for just three easy installments of $29.95 &hellip; sorry.

I&#x02bc;ve also mentioned a self-created enemy of the Airport Mentality: the overwhelming urge to live another day. I
don&#x02bc;t think I have to elaborate too much on that one.

So when you fly off on your vacation this summer, think about how these four &ldquo;overwhelming urges&rdquo; affect
your decisions. Truthfully? It&#x02bc;s scary!

This is Turtle, signing off.

---

Legal Disclaimer: This article, or any part of it, may not be reproduced in any way, shape, or form, for any reason,
commercial or otherwise, without express written permission from the author. This article is intended for general humor
only, and not to poke fun at any race, religion, culture, civilization, continent, city, village, or brand of laundry
detergent. Tide! Any resemblance to any character or incident conveyed in this article is strictly coincidental.
MicroTurtle, Inc. holds the right to remove any person from the subscriber&#x02bc;s list without reason. That will be
$21.77 at the second window, please.

Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is a weekly publication of anything and everything that pops into Turtle&#x02bc;s mind
and that he would like to share with the public. Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; is a division of MicroTurtle, Inc.
Please inform your friends and other acquaintances of this ENTIRELY FREE service. Any questions and/or comments
concerning this or any other article can be sent to this address, and, of course, a small monetary donation is always
nice.

Unless something terrible happens, Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts&trade; will reach you Tuesday Morning (Central Standard
Time, USA) each week.
