title: I Just Might Be Under 21
urlname: under-21
date: 2004-11-03T03:27

I know this is a long time (four days) coming. I have been in an unknown and unexplainable mood as of late.

Saturday night (30 October) I had a new experience. For the first time ever in my life I went to a live music show concert, call it what you will. It was amazing.

A lifetime ago (it may be closer to several months) I mentioned to Chloë that I had never been to a live concert before. Ever. I think I almost gave her a heart attack. Here I was &mdash; note to self and Marie: when translating to French, use the imparfait (j&#x02bc;étais ici) here &mdash; , living &mdash; note to self and Marie: when translating to French, use the participe présent (habitant) here &mdash; in _The Live Music Capital of the World_, and I&#x02bc;d never gone &mdash; note to self and Marie: when translating to French, use the plus-que-parfait (je n&#x02bc;étais jamais allé) here &mdash; to see any live music. It really is enough to give any self-respecting music lover some sort of sudden coronary explosion.

Allow me to interject with another past event that figures heavily into my decision to go to the concert. Back on 28 April of this year, Chloë went to see one of my favorite bands play. She asked me what my favorite song of that band was, and when they played it she called me so I could hear it live! That was sweet.

Last Saturday it was the same venue and the same band as the 28 April phone-call concert. Chloë had said she wanted to be there for my live music de-virginization, and she was. And the concert was amazing, and awesome, and powerful, and every other good thing anyone could ever think to say about a concert, and more.

And I still have the &ldquo;You Are Prohibited from Purchasing, Consuming or Even Holding Alcoholic Beverages&rdquo; wristband on my wrist to prove it.