title: I Died That Day
urlname: died
date: 2005-09-12T11:12

Today as I was working at the Help Desk I put an infected computer onthe network.

That&#x02bc;s bad.

It was my job to sponge the thing of all spyware and viruses, and Ithought I did, but something slipped past me. I left a little virus onthe machine. It wasn&#x02bc;t even particularly nasty; I just forget to run oneof our removal tools.

I plugged the network cable into the computer, and almost immediatelythe normal lights went out and red lights started flashing everywhere,and there were sirens and klaxons and high-pitched whine sounds, as ifCapt. Picard had just yelled, &ldquo;Battle stations!&rdquo; Then the full-time guystarted barking out, &ldquo;Pull the ethernet cables! Pull them all!&rdquo; Everyoneelse in the room started yanking network cables out of the backs oflaptops all at once, and I disconnected mine, too. The full-time guyapproached the wall and punched a code into a keypad, and the sirensshut off and the lights returned to normal.

Okay, not really.

I plugged the network cable into the computer, updated Windows and allthe antispyware and antivirus software, shut down the computer, markedthe machine as &ldquo;done&rdquo; in the database, and put it on the &ldquo;Done&rdquo; shelf.Twenty minutes later a man I had never seen before walked into the roomwith a piece of paper in his hand, announced that there was an infectedcomputer on the network, and gave us the MAC address for the machine.(Ask me later what a MAC address is.) We checked the computers that werecurrently on the network, but none of them matched the MAC address. Ichecked the last machine I had worked on, and the address matched. Iowned up that it was all my fault, and everyone was nice and forgiving,and &ldquo;everyone makes mistakes,&rdquo; etc. But I died.

I felt bad. But now I&#x02bc;m better, because Family Home Evening is going tobe at my house tonight! [Gonna have a good time tonight! Gonna have agood time tonight!](http://homestarrunner.com/dumpingtontoon.html)