title: School Is Totally Awesome
urlname: school
date: 2005-09-28T18:03

I want to write a poem, _right now_, but it never really works that way.

What has become of me? If I recall correctly, in the last two weeks,almost every time I have held a conversation longer than two minuteswith someone I have said, &ldquo;I hate school.&rdquo; [What a bunch of bullhonkey.](http://homestarrunner.com/sbemail134.html)

School is totally awesome, for the following reasons, which have beenconveniently numbered so you don&#x02bc;t have to count them yourself.

1.   I only &ldquo;go to school&rdquo; two days of the week.
2.   Every morning that I go to school, I get to ride on a bus full ofstudents and other people. With few exceptions, I will be standingon said bus, and said students and other people quite possiblenumber in the low hundreds.
3.   I get to walk around in the 107 degree heat. How many states in theUnited States can boast that sort of temperaturage? Few, if any.That&#x02bc;s why the Austin TX has way better Blue Book value than [thestandard Austin](http://www.onlineutah.com/austin.shtml). And what&#x02bc;s with the &ldquo;Population: ?&rdquo;?
4.   I sit on the second row in all my classes because I am &ldquo;ambitious,but not overbearing.&rdquo; And looking at the PowerPoint presentationsfrom the first row makes my neck hurt.
5.   &ldquo;Mice come in two varieties. One kind has a little ball inside, andthe other kind has a little light inside.&rdquo; -Alan Lee, professor,Computer Systems Architecture

So, as I have clearly demonstrated using my incredible powers ofenumeration, school is, indeed, totally awesome. I have given sixperfectly sound reasons for coming to such a conclusion. So if any ofyou ever hear me say, &ldquo;I hate school,&rdquo; again, please correct me.