title: Mike Don&#x02bc;t Pass the Buck
urlname: mike
date: 2004-06-14T05:35

I am amused, but that doesn&#x02bc;t take much. While working at the lab today, I experienced a problem. Every once in a while, we will lose access to any Internet sites outside of the utexas.edu domain. It just won&#x02bc;t connect.

When I first noticed that I was having problems accessing sites, I called &ldquo;ITS Main&rdquo; to see if they knew of an outage. They said they didn&#x02bc;t see anything wrong, then transferred me to &ldquo;the Operators&rdquo; for more information.

&ldquo;The Operators&rdquo; told me that they didn&#x02bc;t see any problems on the network, but also that I should talk to &ldquo;OTS Operations&rdquo; for Internet access questions. Transferred I was.

&ldquo;OTS Operations&rdquo; told me that there were no problems at the time, but then suggested that I might want to talk to someone else. My call was transferred again. At this point I tried to access another website, and it came up, so I assumed there was just a hiccough on the network, and all was well now. However, I wanted to be polite so I stayed on the line while my call was transferred.

The next voice I heard was a bit gruff, and said, &ldquo;This is Mike.&rdquo; That&#x02bc;s all he said. From his tone and brevity I could tell he was the man I wanted to talk to at the beginning.

&ldquo;My name is William, and I am a proctor at one of the ITS labs on campus. We were having some problems connecting to the web outside the utexas.edu domain, but everything seems to be fine now.&rdquo;

&ldquo;Yes, there was a short outage but the network is running smoothly now.&rdquo; That&#x02bc;s the kind of answer I like.

So here&#x02bc;s to you, Mike. I don&#x02bc;t know where your office is. I don&#x02bc;t know your phone number, and it probably remains unlisted because if anyone knew about you, you&#x02bc;d get no peace and quiet But you made the transferred calls worth it. I raise my mouse to you.