title: Road Trip
urlname: road-trip
date: 2004-06-04T02:46

Be honest.

When was the last time you spent 14 hours straight with the same person? To be more specific, when was the last time you spent 14 hours straight with the same person and never gave it a second thought? What I mean is, you enjoyed every minute. &ldquo;Why am I doing this?&rdquo; never entered your head. You didn&#x02bc;t consider all the other ways to spend those 14 hours. You didn&#x02bc;t consider _any_ other way to spend those 14 hours. You just had a cracking good time.

Yesterday.

When was the last time you had an adventure? When was the last time you had several? When was the last time you played a piano duet with a six-month-old boy? When was the last time your glasses were eaten by a six-month-old boy? When was the last time you gave someone an high five? When was the last time the crushed ice in your glass melted into one single ice cylinder o&#x02bc; death?

When was the last time you played _Catchphrase_ with only one other person? When was the last time you pulled over on the side of the interstate to get a picture with the &ldquo;Mile 1&rdquo; sign? When was the last time you sang along with the music on the car stereo and didn&#x02bc;t annoy anyone? When was the last time you planned for two days to visit your parents and informed them you were coming only two hours before you got there?

In summary, when was the last time there were __zero__ crappy minutes in your whole day?

In summary, yesterday.