title: Mix-it-up
urlname: mix-it-up
date: 2000-10-14T15:14

>  
> If I were in charge of the world,  
> I&#x02bc;d change a thing or two.I&#x02bc;d leave all the forces of physics alone,And the sky would always remain blue.
> 
>  
> But what if you looked out your window,  
> And much to your surprise,  
> Raining it was, but quite the wrong way,  
> From the ground right on up to the skies!
> 
>  
> I&#x02bc;m not complaining, don&#x02bc;t get me wrong.I like it all just how it be.  
> But oh, how much fun to mix-it-up,  
> And give it a touch of &ldquo;me&rdquo;.
> 
>  
> Every now and then,  
> The sun should turn green, I think.  
> And cast a relaxing chartreuse glow  
> On the grassy fields (which are pink).
> 
>  
> Imagine if you will  
> The violet bark of a tree.  
> And just how much more could be done  
> If you had not two arms, but three!
> 
>  
> I&#x02bc;m not complaining, I must admit.If none of this happens, that&#x02bc;s fine.But oh, how much fun to mix-it-up,  
> And give it a dash of &ldquo;mine&rdquo;.
> 
>  
> If I could give you a gift,  
> The world would be yours to command.  
> From birds to bikes to a summer&#x02bc;s day,All things would look just as you planned.
> 
>  
> The sun, the moon, the stars at night,  
> The pencil I hold in my hand,  
> Would be rearranged at the slightest thought,  
> Just as the waves shape the sand.
> 
>  
> You don&#x02bc;t have change a single grain,Or all of those other things, too.  
> But oh, how much fun to mix-it-up,  
> Until the world speaks of &ldquo;you&rdquo;.
> 