title: Birds, Planes and a Super Man
urlname: super-man
date: 2006-04-27T21:06

Although I didn&#x02bc;t know it, in the summer of 1999 I began writing forthis website. I had set up my very first email address not long beforethen, and I was a bored high school student between semesters. I thoughtDave Barry had the best job in the world: write something funny once aweek. So I invented a weekly column called _Turtle&#x02bc;s Thoughts_ andemailed funny little essays I wrote to most of my extended family &mdash; theones with email addresses, anyway.

As part of the joke, I included a mock &ldquo;legal disclaimer&rdquo; at the end ofeach email. I would change and add to the disclaimer each week. Forexample,

>  
> Any person wishing to reproduce this article must have a dang goodreason and must say, &ldquo;Pretty please with a cherry on top!&rdquo;
> 

After a few weeks, I began to employ inappropriate comments and insultsin the name of humor. I didn&#x02bc;t think much before I wrote and I didn&#x02bc;tunderstand what good humor was. Thankfully, a kind reader stepped in andtaught me some things about appropriate humor, writing, life and myself.

My grandfather wrote me, and without criticism showed me where I hadgone wrong. He suggested that instead of shunning responsibility with alegal disclaimer, I make my motivations clear with a mission statement.

My grandfather was a man that always lived with a purpose. In everythinghe did he worked towards a worthy goal. He raised an amazing, lovingfamily; researched lifetimes worth of genealogy; saved countless livesin the service of his country; and had the time to teach an importantlesson to me, one of his 43 grandchildren.

In memory of Calvin W. Jackson  
8 Jan 1925 ~ 27 Apr 2006