title: Juicy Hug if Ever There Was One
urlname: juicy-hug
date: 2004-10-28T14:55

Last night I dreamed of Alicia.

Alicia is a girl. Alicia is a girl I have not spoken to in four years. I really have no idea why my dream featured the surprise appearance of this girl. I do not know what prompted the thought.

The dream itself was simple. I was somewhere. I rarely know exactly where I am in dreams. This particular somewhere included an open area, like a big room, with a ledge on one wall. The ledge was about ten feet from the floor, and I was sitting on the ledge observing the activity in the room from above. The place resembled a large, clean garage, or a small hangar of some sort. The place was very clean.

Jared was there. He wasn&#x02bc;t on the ledge; he was on the floor of the room, or garage, or hangar. A car pulled in out of nowhere, and stopped. The doors opened and two girls got out. I recognized both of these girls: Jessica and Alicia. They were in my high school graduating class.

In my dream, it must have been the same four years that I had not been in contact with them, because I felt overwhelmed with happiness at the sight of them. Jared knew them, too, and hugged them as they got out of the car. I continued to look on from my perch on the ledge.

Then, Alicia looked up and saw me sitting there. She smiled. I jumped down (from ten feet up &mdash; I don&#x02bc;t know how) and went to give her a hug. I gave her a juicy hug, and the reunion brought me to tears.

What a weird dream.

In high school, Alicia was the first girl I had a crush on. We were in the same French class for two years. We were both French Club officers, and she would give me a ride home from our meetings after school. She was a cheerleader. I was scared out of my mind to say anything to her.

Jared knew I had a crush on her. One night, when we were driving around town, Jared said to me, &ldquo;I&#x02bc;ve got a good idea!&rdquo; He failed to tell me what that good idea might be. We went to pick up another mutual friend, and then Jared drove to the home of Alicia. I knew exactly what was going on.

Jared and the other guy dragged me, probably kicking and trying not to make much noise, to Alicia&#x02bc;s front door. They rang the bell, and I was just standing there. Her father opened the door, and I asked if Alicia was home.

She wasn&#x02bc;t; she was cheering at a basketball game that night.

I was saved.