title: William&#x02bc;s Guide to Buying a Television
urlname: television
date: 2011-01-02T21:26

### Step 1: Find someone who will give you a television for free.

![New television][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2011-01-02-new-television.jpg

You&#x02bc;re done!

### Case Study 1

The summer before my senior year of high school, I got a job delivering furniture and appliances for a store in downtown
Waco, Texas. The place sold washers, dryers, refrigerators, dishwashers, beds, couches, televisions, and even
lawnmowers. They also fixed cars and sold tires. It was like a small town version of Sears, I guess.

Anyway, the place was closing for good at the end of the summer, and business was really slow, and I got to know the
sales floor guys fairly well, and one of them decided to buy a new television from the store where he worked. I guess he
got a good deal from himself? So he asked me if I wanted his old television (which he happened to bring to work).

It was better than the box we had at home at the time, so I called my dad, and he picked me up from work that afternoon
with the car with a big trunk, and we took home a new (to us) television. I feel like I deserved more cred with the sibs
than I got for that.

### Case Study 2

Rebecca and I got married but we didn&#x02bc;t have a television and we didn&#x02bc;t have plans to buy one. Shortly
after Rebecca was called as an assistant librarian at church, she was there one evening with the main building
librarian. They were replacing the old televisions, which were just going to be thrown away, and Rebecca asked if we
could have it, and suddenly we had a television!

It was actually quite nice because even though it was from 1995 or so it was only used at most once a week, so the
picture quality was excellent.

One of the other librarians got kind of mad when she found out we got a television and she didn&#x02bc;t.

### Case Study 3

Rebecca and I moved from our little apartment into a house over a year ago, and we were still sporting that old
ex-church-library television. One of the things that bugged us a little was that it was so old that it didn&#x02bc;t
support closed captions. And we had to get one of those digital converter boxes. But we got along just fine.

Then one day a friend from church started asking around for someone who wanted a television. They had been given it, but
it was too big for their TV stand or cabinet or whatever. Rebecca jumped at it, and they gave it to us. Pros: it was
newer, so it supported closed captions _and_ digital signals. Cons: it weighed twice as much as me, and it broke the
cart we had our old television on.

So this new (to us) beast of a television has been sitting on the floor in the corner of our living room for a few
weeks. When we got it we started looking for a TV stand. Turns out, you can&#x02bc;t really find a stand for such a
heavy television from places like IKEA anymore. They only make them for flat screens these days. Go figure.

So we turned to Craigslist. We looked and looked for days, and saw some we liked that got sold before we could get to
them. We saw several that were just ugly, but hey, such is the charm of Craigslist.

Rebecca assumed that plenty of people would be trying to sell old televisions (and TV stands) after Christmas to make
room for the new televisions they got, and boy was she right. We finally found one we liked and snapped it up on New
Year&#x02bc;s Day.
