title: Your Newborn Baby Boy, Captured Forever
urlname: newborn
date: 2006-02-02T15:05

I thought I only got targeted advertisements when I browsed the web orread my gmail. Then I got the following advertisement in the mail. Itscared me for a second.

[Click here for the advertisement (621K image)](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/4a698q7k2a0o9dw/20060202-william-advert.jpg)

>  
> Look at his precious face. Doesn&#x02bc;t he look just like a real baby? Go ahead and pick him up. Fully as large as a newborn, and artfully jointed to sleep blissfully or snuggle in your arms, &ldquo;William&rdquo; captures forever that magical day your own boy came into the world.
> 
>  
> What a Joy to Hold Him Close!
> 
>  
> &ldquo;William&rdquo; is lovingly handcrafted from our trademarked GentleTouch&trade; vinyl that exactly captures the look of a newborn. From his closed eyes and chubby cheeks to his wee hands and creased knees, every detail is a joy to discover.
> 
>  
> Truly an heirloom to cherish, &ldquo;William&rdquo; is the perfect gift for yourself or someone special. Available only from Paradise Galleries, he is an incredible value, rich in lavish detail usually found only in collectible dolls costing far more. This Premiere Edition is strictly limited and at this introductory price, will disappear as quickly as your own baby became a toddler. Don&#x02bc;t wait &mdash; reserve your individually numbered copy of &ldquo;William&rdquo; today!
> 
>  
> Our No-Risk Guarantee
> 
>  
> Paradise Galleries brings together the very best in quality and value. If you are not delighted with &ldquo;William,&rdquo; we will gladly buy him back for the purchase price any time within 100 days - no conditions, no exceptions.
> 

All I have to say is, &ldquo;Quack quack.&rdquo;